Until now we've learned how we could create implement and deploy no GIs and Python lambda functions.
And now it's time to check out how we can do the same principles and apply the same principles to Java
lambda functions.
And I should note that the following three lectures are going to be all about Java lambda functions.
So if you're not interested in Java lambda functions how to create how to deploy and how to implement
them with A W-S lambda you can basically skip all three lectures and follow along with me on the other
section where we're going to check out how we can version and how we can publish lambda functions.
So if we're interested in how to deploy a WS lambda functions with the Jawa then please follow along
with me.
So in this lecture we're going to see how easy it is to create lambda functions with Eclipse the popular
Java ID so forth eclipse.
The best part of Eclipse is that AWOS has a plug in that you can install from the eclipse marketplace
right into your ID.
Your eclipse ID.
So with this plug in it is super easy to create lambda functions.
So now let's go to our eclipse and if we don't have it you can get it from Eclipse Foundation's Web
site.
It is very easy to do so.
And I'll be providing a link so that you can get your Eclipse version for your computer.
So I'm going to open up my Eclipse ID right now and I'll show you how you can get the AWOS plug in.
So now I'm typing in Eclipse to my finder and I'm opening up my eclipse so I have basically the latest
version as the time being.
So it is loading up right now.
All right.
I have my Eclipse opened up.
So the thing that I'm going to do to get the AWOS plug in for my Eclipse distribution.
I'm just going to go down to help section and from there I'm going to go to eclipse marketplace and
from the Marketplace on the find section and I'll have to wait for this window to load properly.
And there we go.
So I'm just going to type in a W-S just like that and I'm going to hit enter.
So as you can see we have the AWOS took it for Eclipse 2.0.
So I'm just going to go and hit install
and it is now resolving the features and resolving all the dependencies regarding a W-S plugin for Eclipse.
And I'm just going to fast forward this section.
So now we have the necessary dependencies regarding a W-S toolkit for Eclipse.
And as you can see from here you can do real stuff with a W-S toolkit using Eclipse and you can as you
can see manage your RLDS instances.
You can work with cloud formation code commit code deploy star elastic beanstalk and of course lambda
functions and UPS works.
So what we're interested in is of course the lambda functions.
So I'm not going to check the rest of the toolkit plug ins and I'm just going to simply check out the
lambda plugin and as you can see I have to install the core plug in for a W-S toolkit.
So now I'm going to go and hit continue and it is now calculating the requirements and dependencies
this is going to take some time and here we go.
So I'm going to hit except the terms and license agreements and I'm going to go and hit finish.
To complete my installation.
And here we go.
Our insulation is started and it is currently on around 7 percent.
It is about to complete and now as you can see our changes are about to be applied and for doing that
we're have to restart our ID.
So I'm just going to hit restart now and our eclipse is being restored it and from my opening up screen
as you can see are AWOS and Elvis collection window appeared.
So you can either opt in or opt out of collecting anonymous usage data by A W-S.
So in this case I'm just going to take this and hit finish.
So now to verify that we have the AWOS plugin installed within our eclipse ID I'm going to go to files
section and from there I'm going to try to create a new AWOS project and let's just go and hit other
and from there let's just type in J-ws.
And as you can see we have various options regarding lambda and the surrealists architectures so we
could successfully install the AWOS toolkit within our eclipse ID.
So in the next video we're going to go and create our We're first a we us Jawohl lambda function.
So I'll see on the next video.